In this video we will learn about GitHub, how to manage your code using GitHub, how to commit your
code, how to build a repository and how to start working with GitHub.
Okay, so before that you need to sign up to the GitHub.
As I have already created my account, I'm signing in here with my account.
Okay.
So it's asking for the verification code.
So these are the different records I am using.
Okay.
So let us go to my Jamie Dalrymple here.
You can see it's inside of this project.
A Jamie that is created here, you can see there are different things you can pull with as GDP.
You can pull it, as I said, actually, if you have a such key configured or you can directly use those
tips link also.
Okay.
If you don't want to use any good measure, you need a command prompt and you just use it on you.
Just you, you want to use the you like, you know, comments then how to do that first letter, see,
focus on that.
Okay.
So here is the code.
You can download it in the zip format here.
Okay.
So let me download here.
Jamie doesn't mean.
So you will get all the files inside this particular zip.
Now, suppose I want to add and commit something.
Some files to this particular.
Project.
So what I will do, I'll click on to add five and then click on upload new files.
Okay, and choose the file from your system.
So I'll go to my performance tab and I will select one of those file HMX, which I can find currently.
Jim.
These are the words of the Lord the face.
Adding injured here.
Okay.
And then I'll click on commit changes.
If once I click on climate changes.
See, the file is now committed here.
Okay.
So I have directly accessed my master branch, but.
So.
It gets uploaded to the massive Mac.
If not, we can create the full request for a commit.
And.
And we can ask who has the access to master?
The master branch to master file here.
Okay.
This is simply we can do it from the UI.
Now we will go to get batch and how to do it from the command line.
We will see that.
Okay.
So now let us download the get go mesh of good for windows.
So I have time to download get to this website and now I'm down for windows.
64 bit window setup.
So you can just click double click on this and do next next next to install the complete set up here.
When you double click on this good XY, you will get this screen.
You can select options for now needs to be measured, but I'm keeping all the options.
Click on next like villages that always keep the default settings.
HULETT Keep in default.
So I want to use get and get BASH Only not from other command line any toad by the command ends when
selecting this option.
Next to use as is.
Yes.
So we are.
We can keep mostly law.
Commit what style you want to commit.
And all zookeeper does is.
Which console you want to use.
You can use this going to school or you can use Windows default console also.
So yeah.
Okay.
In store.
So now this will install the guitar for me.
You also do the installation of the gift.
Now, next week, how we can use the command to clone and become Itachi.
And to get back and check how it looks.
Okay.
So first we want to clone our report here and we need to decide the part in which we want to clone it
today.
So I'm copying this.
So.
We want to clone this particular triple hate, so let it go as to type.
You are for cloning.
Now I need to go to a particular part.
Well, I'm going to need to.
See.
It.
Automated.
Okay.
So you're.
I want to clone this robot.
Cloning meant I want to completely put it in this particular folder.
Okay, so, like, we downloaded it.
Instead of that, you can clone base the you are adulthood.
And so you can see here that this is cloning the gene return of all.
The debate is closed.
Now let's go to.
See Drive.
See drive way automated.
And Jamie that if we should.
Right.
You can see this.
Yes.
Okay.
So now.
So if you check good status to check if there are any changes to this report.
So no to say this is not a report that we need to go through.
Jamie.
So Jamie now this is at that level and we can use get go mindset get status since the brand is up to
date, right.
We don't have any changes in the branch to fit.
Okay.
So now if we have some changes, so directly down to the brand where we don't have a local report,
how it looks like and how to search that, let us see that.
So for that, I'll go here and add another five.
Okay.
It's.
We're going to do it again.
Idaho.
Then it will show the changes that on the local level to how to will only the changes not that do that
but we will check now.
Okay.
So I'm adding some order by your.
And let's make this.
We can commit to the new branch through the request of the domestic, but I'm directly committing to
committing it to the master.
So now if you do the this.
It will show up.
My current branch is up to date local.
There are no changes on local, but there are changes in the variable that we know we just added today.
So now we want will the changes to how to do that.
You'll get that one.
Now we don't need to give the link also because already cloned we cloned the report handling.
So now if you do good, well only the changes will be added.
See, these particular genomics is now added to our Global Report.
Look.
Now let's make changes to our report locally and commit to the.
Cloud it up or not.
Okay.
So what we will do is we will create a new file inside this.
New.
X when it's clear that decks.
Right.
Okay.
That's right.
So this file is attached to a local report, and I want you to commit to the cloud.
Now, do get deep.
Okay.
Now, we chose this file there.
I'm just not committed to the main branch.
Now, let us come with this group.
First do it and not.
To add this fight now to the status.
30.
Get.
Status.
So this file we added to the showing in green and defined it the mate Iceland m and is to specify the
message committing.
What we are committing so we can refer.
Extra points.
Okay.
We are committing this way.
And now we need to push this one to the mustard like we did from you.
Okay.
Now get push.
What did you.
Right.
So you can push this file to the master.
Okay.
I think it's already.
It's not the main.
It shows me that it's coming.
That.
The branch name is already showing.
If we want to move to any other branch, we can do good.
Take out and share the name of this branch.
So if you have multiple branches of your code, you can do that.
You can just check out to the different branch with it.
Check out the mine.
Okay.
Now this will push our fight to the main.
So I think the formula designing.
And then it is sort of push and check.
So the default browser is all set today.
So I need to sign up with my sign in with my GitHub here.
Internet is too slow somehow to get.
Key signing completed here.
So now so far we have seen it how to do out of five from the UI, how to get the call from the UI,
how to come back from the UI.
Then similarly, we have seen from the get batch command from how to do it.
But I would hope that the code, how to pull the changes how to add your files again see the got it.
Now the changes are uploaded here.
The same done addition to the main is done.
Now let's go back to our repo here and refresher then check on file.
Is there or not?
The text file is added.
Right.
So the the message which we shared right when we were running the command so that you can see here.
Okay.
So this is about basic self practice of yourself.
If you have any questions or doubt, you can write.
And you.